# csv-to-yaml - Prometheus config

# Exporters GUI

This script provides a graphical user interface (GUI) to run multiple exporters on CSV files and save the output in the specified YAML format. The user can select the desired exporters, provide the input CSV file, and specify the output file name and directory.

## Overview

The script is built using the Tkinter library for creating the GUI elements. It allows the user to:

- Select from a list of available exporters.
- Choose an input CSV file using a file dialog.
- Specify the output YAML file name.
- Choose the output directory using a directory dialog.
- Run the selected exporters.

## Features

### 1. Exporter Checkbuttons

The script creates a list of exporter names and then dynamically generates checkbuttons for each exporter. The user can select the desired exporters to run on the input CSV file.

### 2. File and Directory Browsing

The user can browse for the input CSV file and the output directory using file and directory dialogs, respectively.

### 3. Text Widget for Output

A text widget is provided to display the output (stdout) generated by the exporters. It redirects the standard output to the text widget for a better user experience.

### 4. Error Handling and Validation

The script includes error handling and input validation to ensure that the user has provided all necessary information before running the exporters.

## Usage

To use the script, run the following command:

```bash
python workbook_converter_gui.py


#Headers used in testing:

Configuration Item Name,Location,Country,Domain,Status,Secret Server URL,Hostnames,FQDN,IP Address,Application Ports,Exporter_name,Done,OS-Listen-Port,Exporter_name,Done,App-Listen-Port,http_2xx,icmp,ssh-banner,tcp-connect,SNMP,Exporter_SSL,Notes,Description,Story #,Completed,Review comments,MaaS alarm,Resolution


windows exe built with (when in folder of csv file):

C:\Python39\python.exe C:\Python39\Lib\site-packages\PyInstaller\__main__.py --onefile workbook_converter_gui.py

